>> Scott Moss: All right, so
hope this challenge was fun for
everybody with the test and
all and it wasn't too difficult and
everybody was able to get through it.
If not, we're gonna do that just now.
So if you, let me check out,
to my solution this should be lesson five.
Lesson five, I don't want to put
these changes in there.
There we go.
So if we run the test on lesson five,
solution or
if you've not checked out the solution,
then I am.
What's failing?
I got the queries enabled,
just ignore my query test.
But all the model specs are passing, so
we can go take a look at that and
see how we can satisfy those models.
Let's start with the playlist model.
So if we go there, playlist.spec.
Over there, .model over here.
Close that, okay.
So for the playlist model, if we look at
the test it says it should have a title,
that's misspelled, tilted.
Should have a title to exist,
should have a type
that's equal to string and it should have
a required property that's an array.
So, if we go look.
Here we go.
Type of string.
Requires an array, true and then playlists
must have titles is a custom error, okay.
If we look at this next one, should
have songs, should exist, which it does.
Should be in an array, which it is.
And then song0.type.
So, right there, that's telling you
that the first thing in the array is
probably an object with a type property.
And if you did some more deduction,
you would realize,
like it's just the same thing as this.
It's got a type property.
Type is a key word in Mongoose.
In fact, if you needed a property called
type, and you want it to be string,
you couldn't do that.
You'd have to say type,
type:string in order to get around that.
You can also tell Mongoose what's typekey.
I think it's typekey,
you can get a different key if you want.
So it's not type,
it would be something else.
By default it's type.
Small tip.
So, expects the first thing in there
to be an object, who's type equals
mongoose.Schema.Types.ObjectID, and
who's reference is a song.
This is setting up an association that
we can later populate, all right?
Okay, and then, it says, it expects
favorite to exist, expects it to be
a type boolean, expects it to be required
and expects the default to equal false.
Everybody got that?
Looks very similar to that.
Okay, so now we can look at the song spec
>> Scott Moss: And I'll go over there.
>> Scott Moss: So, the song line,
it should also have a tilte [LAUGH],
a title and expect it to exist,
expect the required to be an array,
which it is, URL, expected to exist,
expected to be unique,
expect the required to be an array.
Album, expected to exist, rating, I'm
sorry, artist and album expect to exist.
I'm not even checking for types there.
Rating expected to exist and
then equal a number and
then favorite's got all
this other stuff on it.
So let's check and see if it exist and
if it's a boolean.
Print out some stuff, and
then if we look at the user line,
which is the easiest of all.
This one's just checking to
see if it has a user name and
this thing called password hash and it's
just doing some validations on that right?
So checking to see if the user
name exists, if it's a string,
if it's required and if it's unique and
then hash if it exists, if it's a string,
and if it's required.
And if you run that you should
get all your tests to pass.
So everybody all their tests passing?
Nice, so much easier when you can just get
tests to pass like that's the best way.
If somebody gets to come in,
write all your tests for you and
you just wrote the code to make that pass.
How easy would your job be?
Think about that.
What if there was teams where
this person writes tests,
this person builds features, that's it.
Right, that'd be ideal.
I think people should
write code like that.
And then you switch it up so
you're not doing one thing all the time.
Maybe I'll try that.
I'll try that and report back.
[LAUGH]